Getting rid of old cars is a very big concern for everyone these days. The ever-changing technology is causing a major boom in the automotive industry. With the growth of the automobile industry, there is a large portion of vehicles that are rapidly being scrapped. It is very rare to see a place where people use their car more than his 5 years. In just a few years, we are drawn to new technologies introduced in new cars.

Therefore, the main concern of the company is to dispose of used cars in the best possible way and achieve a suitable price after resale. We believe this is a big concern, so we have developed a very effective model that allows sellers to easily predict the price of a used car and sell accordingly.

This model can provide some basic information about the used car like the model number. , years of use, accidents, etc. So to come up with an interesting model we have used the very latest technology i e. Machine learning. There are many ways to build this model, but many combinations were used and tested with each model to improve accuracy. After all, in our product we used a very well-known model that allows us to get the most accurate results from the data provided by the seller. We have used our own data as a test basis. First, we analyzed the data and handled all missing and null values. After analyzing the data, set the target column to price. Based on these different parameters, we have analyzed a perfect model that can predict the highest price of a used car on the market. This is very helpful for sellers asking for prices. This machine learning technology has created a huge boom in modern society and people are using many applications based solely on different machine learning techniques. The main steps for this project are: - Cleaning data, removing irrelevant/useless features and checking missing values for each feature. The next step is data processing. This involves his two main processes: label encoder and normalization. The third step is to create different models and compare their accuracy. After comparing all models, we found the best one offering the best price.
